Activate buddypress documentation (#240)
buddypress/buddypress: docs/user/getting-started/activate-buddypress.md

# BuddyPress Installation Guide for Website Administrators

Welcome to the BuddyPress Installation Guide! BuddyPress is a versatile plugin that transforms your WordPress website into a comprehensive social networking platform. This guide will walk you through installing BuddyPress on your WordPress site. Before you begin, please ensure that your server meets BuddyPress's minimum requirements and that your WordPress version is compatible.

## Prerequisites

- Confirm compatibility of your server with the **minimum requirements specified by BuddyPress**.
- Please ensure your WordPress installation is current and compatible with the BuddyPress plugin.

## Automated Installation Procedure

### Step 1: Confirm WordPress Installation

Please confirm that WordPress is installed on your hosting environment. If WordPress still needs to be installed, please download and install it from the [official WordPress website](https://wordpress.org/).

### Step 2: Install BuddyPress

> Access your WordPress administrative panel and navigate to `Plugins → Add New`. In the search field, enter `BuddyPress` and press enter. Select `Install Now` on the BuddyPress plugin entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access your WordPress administrative panel and navigate to `Plugins → Add New`. You can either activate the "Featured" tab and scroll down to find it or use the search field to look for `BuddyPress`. Click on `Install Now` blue button of the BuddyPress plugin card.
```

### Step 3: Activate BuddyPress

> Following installation, select `Activate` to enable BuddyPress on your website. Post-activation, you will be redirected to the BuddyPress Welcome page, where you can configure settings for your new social network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following installation, select `Activate` to enable BuddyPress on your website. Post-activation, you will be redirected to your WordPress Dashboard home page which will show the "Hello BuddyPress" modal window we use to inform about the plugin's version highlights.
```

## Manual Installation Process

For administrators who prefer or require a manual installation approach, please follow these steps:

### Step 1: Download BuddyPress

> Navigate to the [BuddyPress page](https://wordpress.org/plugins/buddypress/) on the WordPress plugin repository and download the most recent version of the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to the [BuddyPress page](https://wordpress.org/plugins/buddypress/) on the WordPress plugin repository and download the most recent version of the plugin. You'll get a zip Archive having a name looking like this `buddypress.VersionNumber.zip`.
```

### Step 2: Upload BuddyPress

> Utilize your preferred FTP client to upload the BuddyPress plugin folder to the `wp-content/plugins` directory within your WordPress installation on your web server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can alternatively go to the `Plugins → Add New` administration screen and use the WordPress plugin uploader to transfer the zip Archive you downloaded into your plugins directory or unzip the Archive locally and utilize your preferred FTP client to drop the `buddypress` plugin folder into the `wp-content/plugins` directory within your WordPress installation on your web server.
```

### Step 3: Activate the Plugin

> Log into your WordPress administrative dashboard, proceed to `Plugins → Installed Plugins`, locate BuddyPress in the plugin list, and select `Activate`. Subsequently, you will be directed to the BuddyPress Welcome page for additional configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Log into your WordPress administrative dashboard, proceed to `Plugins → Installed Plugins`, locate BuddyPress in the plugin list, and select `Activate`. Subsequently, you will be directed to your WordPress Dashboard home page which will show the "Hello BuddyPress" modal window we use to inform about the plugin's version highlights.
```
